The address https://www.google.com luckily specifies the protocal HTTPS which we aready know that runs
on port 443. Computers basically communicate with each other through IPs which is a set of an octet
(8 binary bits), for example google.com would be 216.58.210.142 or wikipedia.org be 91.198.174.97.

DNS request
DNS Request is a naming system used to keep records of computers or services over the internet communicating 
to each other using the Internet Protocol. It translates domain names into IP addresses, which are then translated 
into HTTPs and run on the TCP port 443. This is known as an IP address, specifically version 4 (IPv4). 
DNS Request is similar to a phonebook for the internet, where the resolver, Top Level Domains, Authoritative
Name Servers work. The most important details of the phrases tls handshake, dns server, server, and dns request
are that when a user types "https://www.google.com" in their favorite browser and presses the "Enter" key, 
a DNS request is made and performed a DNS lookup. The browser then checks if the domain is in its cache and calls a 
function to do the lookup. If not found, a request to the DNS server is made configured in the local router or 
the ISP's (Internet Service Provider's) caching DNS server. The DNS server then follows the ARP (Address Resolution Protocol) 
Process to perform a lookup using the MAC address and route tables to find the target IP. 

TCP/IP
Once the DNS server returns the IP address for google.com, the browser uses that IP address to 
establish a connection to the goggle server over the internet. The connection is usually established through the 
TCP/IP protocol stack, which includes a number of layers such as the physical layer, data link layer, 
network layer, transport layer, and application layer.

Firewall
The firewall is then implemented at the network layer or transport layer of the TCP/IP protocol stack. 
Its primary role is to monitor incoming and outgoing traffic to protect the network from unauthorized access, 
malware, or other security threats. Once the connection is established, the firewall may inspect the traffic to 
ensure that it meets certain security policies.

HTTPS/SSL
HTTPS/SSL is an application layer protocol that provides secure communication over the internet. It is used to
encrypt the traffic between the client's browser and the web server to prevent eavesdropping, tampering, or data
theft. The HTTPS/SSL connection is usually established after the TCP/IP connection is established, and before
any data is exchanged between the client and the server.

Load balancer
In load balancing, a load balancer sits between clients and a pool of google backend servers or their resources, distributing 
incoming network traffic or requests to the servers based on various algorithms, such as round-robin, least 
connections, or IP hash. The load balancer continually monitors the health of the servers and removes any 
failed servers from the pool of available servers. And thus its primary goal is to improve the availability
and perfomance of the network.

Web Server.
Web server is a software program that serves web pages to web users (browsers). Examples include Apache HTTP Server, Microsoft Internet 
Information Services (IIS), and Nginx. The web server is responsible for serving static content (such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript files) 
to clients, while

Application server.
Application server works with a web server to handle requests for dynamic content.  The application server is responsible for handling 
requests for dynamic content (such as data retrieved from a database). 

The two components (web server and application server) often work together to serve complete web pages to clients.

Database.
Database is an organized collection of structured information, or data, typically stored electronically in a computer system. 
It is usually controlled by a database management system (DBMS). Different types of databases use DBMS to create, edit, delete and maintain data.
The database basically then is where data is stored and managed. The application server interacts with the database to retrieve and manipulate data as 
needed to fulfill client requests. Different types of databases (such as relational, NoSQL, and graph databases) use different data 
models and query languages to represent and manipulate data.
